Tutorial update (#95)
aleph-im/aleph-vm: tutorials/REQUIREMENTS.md

pip3 install aleph-client
```

## 0.b Quick install (Mac OS version)

For starting to run aleph-vm on mac you have to initialize a VM.

### Install Virtual Box

> You will need a hosted hypervisor (or virtual machine) for next step, virtual box is an Oracle VM, free and open-source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need VirtualBox, a free and open-source hosted hypervisor (or virtual machine manager) for the next step.
```

> You can downloand and install it <a href="https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads">here </a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download and install it <a href="https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads">here </a>.
```

### Install Vagrant

> Vagrant is an open-source software product for building and maintaining portable virtual software development environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vagrant is an open-source software product for building and maintaining portable virtual software development environments based on VirtualBox.
```

> Run following command for installing it (before make sur brew is install on your mac).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run following command for installing it (before make sure [homebrew](brew.sh) is installed on your mac).
```

```shell
brew install vagrant
```

> Once vagrant is install go to your working repository and init vagrant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Vagrant is installed, go to your working repository and initialize vagrant
```

```shell
vagrant init boxomatic/debian-11
```

A `Vagrantfile` (in Ruby) will be created, you can consult it if you wish.

> Now in order to instantiate a new virtual machine, we need to run the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now in order to instantiate a new virtual machine, run the following command:
```

```shell
vagrant up
```

> If this does not work, I redirect you to System Preferences > Security and Privacy and allow the System software from developper.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this does not work, check out you System Preferences > Security and Privacy and allow the "System software from developer" in the bottom of the window.
```

> Once the command is down, your Machine will be booted and ready!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the command is down, your virtual machine will be booted and ready!
```

### Set Vagrantfile configuration

> Open vagranfile and add following `config.vm.box``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the vagranfile and add following `config.vm.box``
```
